hey it's Rick here today I want to be
showing you a case by uncommon so they
have released a series of cases for Mac
books and I have their deflector case
that you see right here it's for the
MacBook Air in my case the MacBook Air
13-inch and a couple of things about
this there's a variety of different
colors that you can pick this up and I
went with a frosted color so it's as you
can see I've already installed it and
I'm gonna do this video a little bit
differently rather than show you how you
put this on I'm gonna remove it because
a lot of times with these types of cases
they can be pretty difficult to remove
and I really don't think that's the
situation with this one here's the
packaging that it comes in and you can
see it right here the nice thing that
they did and you don't see it here but
there's kind of a separator here so
they've got some instructions that you
definitely need to follow when you are
putting this on your macbook but it's
nice that there's a separator in there
because the two pieces aren't clashing
together and transport and getting
scratches or things like that
so this case at least in the situation
where I've got this one the frosted is
gonna show through and you're gonna be
able to see the beauty of your macbook
now let me go ahead and just open this
up for a minute and awaken the device
and I'll show you here you can see it's
you know from afar it's pretty hard to
tell that you've even got this on your
case it's super lightweight doesn't add
much in the way of weight at all and you
can see the branding right there for
uncommon and that's really the only
branding you're going to get on this
case on the bottom side it's got some
kind of rubberized feet that are built
in and that gives some real good added
grip when this is sitting on a tabletop
or anything like that and the fit is
really really nice I will say this it's
a bit tricky to get it on the correct
way you really want to follow the
instructions on how they demonstrate
inside the package to put this on
otherwise you may find yourself in a
situation where a couple of these clips
don't fully sentient into place so I had
to find myself going and taking the case
off and putting it back on a couple of
times to get it to do what I wanted to
do now I'm gonna go ahead and remove
this you're gonna see it's really not
all that difficult you just want to kind
of pry where you find those edges and in
this case I'm just working my way all
the way around now keep in mind as I'm
doing this I'm also at an angle as I
film this so I'm kind of at a
disadvantage doing it this way as I pop
each one of these edges this is just
coming straight up and straight off so
you saw in this video that the removal
process of this case really isn't that
difficult and that's nice because I have
tried a couple of other brands of cases
like this and they can be a chore to
take off that's not the situation with
this one if anything I will say when you
are installing this case you really want
to follow the instructions of their
inside of the box because if you don't
you might run into a situation where
some of these clips they're not going to
fit correctly or they're not going to
snap into place or they're gonna want to
unsnap so really be sure that you follow
it to a tee when you're looking at the
instructions and you'll be good to go
there this very thin very lightweight
it's gonna protect very very well
against scratches I like the frosted
look because it maintains kind of that
aluminum look but at the same time you
can see through and see your Apple logo
it does come in other colors as well it
is the deflector case it's by uncommon
it is for the MacBook Air they've got
some other products in this line that
are available I'll link in the
description of my video as to where you
can pick this up I'm going to give this
a four and a half out of five great case
lightweight protects well against
scratches can be a bit tricky to put on
but once you've got it
it's great and it's also easy to remove
so it gets my four and a half out of
five if you guys have questions comments
or feedback as always please feel free
to let me know otherwise I'll catch you
next time take care everybody and have
fun